kiagnose, checkup: Embed Kiagnose in the vm-latency checkup (#189)
kiagnose/kiagnose: README.md

2. Namespace-Admin privileges on this cluster.
3. [kubectl](https://kubernetes.io/docs/tasks/tools/#kubectl) utility.

## Kiagnose Installation

Please see the [installation instructions](./README.install.md/#kiagnose-installation).

## Kiagnose Removal

Please see the [removal instructions](./README.install.md/#kiagnose-removal).

## Checkup Installation
A vendor creating a checkup should provide:
1. Checkup's documentation (what it does, how to configure it, what are its output, etc). 
2. A checkup image.
3. A yaml file containing the following objects required for the checkup's execution:
 - A ServiceAccount object
 - Role object(s) - optional
 - RoleBinding object(s) - optional
 - ClusterRole object(s) - optional

>  - ClusterRoleBinding object(s) - optional

Reviewer: This is still relevant.
Any reason to delete it?

Author: The vendor is providing only documentation and an image, not manifests that can be applied.
The assumption is that the namespace admin is handling the permissions based on the documentation or it already has the needed in place for the checkup to execute properly.

We are not requiring the vendor to export such things, and we also do not do it our-self in the latency checkup.

> Kiagnose checkups are expecting the namespace admin to supply the ServiceAccount, roles and role-bindings.

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
Kiagnose checkups are expecting the namespace admin to supply the ServiceAccount, Role and RoleBinding objects.
```

Author: Done (with a plural term, as these can be many).

  backoffLimit: 0
  template:
    spec:
      serviceAccount: example-sa
      restartPolicy: Never
      containers:

>         - name: example-checkup 

Reviewer: nit:
```suggestion
        - name: example-checkup
```

Author: Done

  status.result.key2: "result 2"
```

In order to read the Kiagnose's logs (during or after its execution):
In order to read the checkup's logs (during or after its execution):
```bash
kubectl logs job.batch/<Kiagnose-job-name> -n <target-namespace>
kubectl logs job.batch/<checkup-job-name> -n <target-namespace>
```

Remove the Kiagnose Job and the ConfigMap object when the logs and the results are no longer needed:
Remove the checkup Job and the ConfigMap object when the logs and the results are no longer needed:
```bash
kubectl delete job.batch/<Kiagnose-job-name> -n <target-namespace>
kubectl delete job.batch/<checkup-job-name> -n <target-namespace>
kubectl delete configmap <ConfigMap name> -n <target-namespace>
```

## Checkup Removal
In order to remove a checkup from the cluster:
1. Remove vendor-supplied objects:
- A ServiceAccount object
- Role object(s) - optional
- RoleBinding object(s) - optional
- ClusterRole object(s) - optional

> - ClusterRoleBinding object(s) - optional

Reviewer: This is still relevant IMO.

Author: It is not in our scope of interest. These are the network admin stuff, not something that the checkup vendor provides.
